[announcer] Tsubasa kicks
his Drive Shot again,
but the ball
doesn't descend.
It passes above
the crossbar.
Because of his injury,
Nankatsu's captain
has lost his shot's
effectiveness.
[Tsubasa]
This can't be...
-[gasp]
-[Kojiro] Wakashimazu...
Huh?
[chuckle]
-Ah...
-Uhh...
Oh...
Just like I thought.
Don't tell me
that you're--
Yes, Takeshi.
It looks like my shoulder
injury resurfaced.
[gasps]
Oh!
But don't you worry.
Seriously, guys,
it's not a problem.
I swear I can still play
the match.
-Uhh...
It doesn't matter
what happens.
I'll defend the goal
with one hand
if that's what I have to do.
Please let me, Captain.
Let me play until the end.
-Uhh...
[Kojiro]
Why're you standing?
Move.
We'll attack,
preventing them from
getting to our goal.
That way we can relieve...
some pressure
from Wakashimazu.
-Ah!
-Not a problem, Captain.
Huh?
Captain...
[narrator] Episode 48:
The King Toho.
Let's go, Toho!
[announcer] Toho switches
to offense.
[Takeshi] Yeah,
if we were able
to get all the way here, in
spite of Hyuga's absence,
it was thanks to
Wakashimazu.
[Hiroshi]
In every single match...
he always saved us,
especially when we weren't
able to defend the goal.
[Tadashi]
Thanks to him,we were
able to
concentrate on attacking
without worrying about
a counterattack.
[Tsuneo]
This time, we'll attack,
so we can protect you.
[Kazuki] That way,
the only ones
that'll have to worry
about defending
will be Nankatsu.
Get ready, Nankatsu.
Because we are going to
score on you!
What in the world
has gotten into them now?
They're going to use
Tsubasa's injury
as an opening.
[Kazuki]
Shimano!
-Huh?
-No way!
[announcer]
And there goes Tsubasa,
taking control of the ball
despite being injured.
Good job, Tsubasa.
My style of play...
does not depend
solely on a shot.
You better be ready, Toho.
Now we will attack.
You heard the captain.
Run, guys.
-Yeah!
[panting]
Hyuga!
Tsubasa!
You won't run away from me
this time.
Come and face me,
like a real man.
[growl]
[gasp]
-I think it's...
-That's a Heel Lift.
-[gasp]
-That's the same move
he did before.
He fooled him the same way
in the tournament
three years ago.
That's the move Roberto
taught him in elementary.
You won't fool me
the same way.
Never!
[grunt]
-[gasp]
-[grunt]
[announcer] Hyuga prevents
Tsubasa from advancing,
rejecting the ball
with an overhead kick.
[gasps]
Great job!
Now's my turn
to finish it.
[grunt]
[panting]
[announcer] The goalie
Morisaki,
can't get to the ball
even with that leap.
This can't be...
Takasugi, clear the ball.
[grunt]
[announcer] Takasugi clears
the ball from the danger zone.
-[sighs]
-Nankatsu barely saves it.
-Keep up the defense, guys.
What a great clear,
Taksugi.
[announcer] The ball is sent off
and headed straight for
the captains Tsubasa
and Hyuga.
Quickly, let's get the ball
back for the captain.
Let it go.
I'll take care of him.
Hyuga wants to have a duel
against Tsubasa.
That obsession
could prove risky,
although it's always fueled
by his determination.
We're counting on you,
Captain.
Yeah.
I can't keep evading him.
I will have to face him
eventually.
That's the only way we will
win the championship.
[grunt]
-[grunt]
-[Tsubasa] I have to win
this duel no
matter what.
[wince]
[grunt]
[announcer] Hyuga manages
to pass the ball.
Amazing job, Captain.
Tsubasa!
[grunt]
[announcer] Tsubasa's laying
flat on the ground.
[panting]
I thought he could jump
higher than that.
Yeah, but his injury
isn't letting him
play at his full strength.
[groaning]
If only I wasn't
injured...
[Mr. Kira]
Kojiro knows full well
that Tsubasa
is injured...
but he doesn't show
compassion
like he did in the match
against Misugi.
We have to get the ball
back for Tsubasa.
-Yeah!
I won't lose.
Tsubasa nor anyone can
prevent me from my goal.
If I lose now,
my sacrifice,
and my team's
will have been in vain.
You better be
ready, Hyuga.
[announcer] Hyuga stops
the sliding tackle,
imposing his strength.
I couldn't even budge him.
Isn't that the same move
you did against them?
Yeah, but it was thanks
to my weight
that I could retain the ball
pressed to the ground.
That can only mean
that Hyuga has...
...really strong legs,
like steel.
[grunting]
[scream]
[announcer] And Kisugi
is sent flying.
[snicker]
[Mr. Kira]
It's obvious.
They're facing off
against someone
who could withstand
the ocean's waves.
You can't go against
all of us.
[yelling]
It doesn't matter how many
of you there are.
[tiger growl]
You aren't even
a match for...
the Tiger Shot!
[yell]
[screams]
His sheer power breaks
through every barrier
as if he had none.
[tiger growl]
[gasp]
-[tiger growl]
-[gasp]
[tiger growl]
-[announcer] What a goal!
The keeper
couldn't even react.
Toho regains
their advantage 2 to 1.
-[cheering]
-[announcer] It was
an incredible shot.
The sheer strength
of the Tiger Shot
is unbelievable.
It's invincible.
-[gasp]
-That's impossible!
I can't think of a way
to stop him.
[Mr. Kira] [smirk]
What a shot.
It came to him from all
the courage he demonstrated
while training
in Okinawa.
The Tiger Shot.
-[cheering]
-Yeah!
-All right!
-What a goal!
-Awesome goal, Captain!
-[grunt]
-You did it, Captain!
- Say your goodbyes,
Nankatsu.
With my Tiger Shot,
Toho is invincible.
Looks like the dream of
winning a third championship
is vanishing,
Mr. Katagiri.
What're you implying?
I'm saying that Nankatsu
can no longer win.
Hmm...
The advantage Toho
and Hyuga have
is insurmountable.
Nankatsu won't be able to
win the match.
Not unless they show
something
we haven't seen yet.
What you're saying is...
Nankatsu needs a miracle.
This is far from over.
-Huh?
All we have to do is tie.
And that's it.
Let's not give up, you guys.
-Uhh...
It's true that Toho...
is our strongest rival
to date.
Hyuga's Tiger Shot
is impressive...
but I know that
we can beat him.
Tsubasa...
Nankatsu,
let's counterattack.
Exactly.
Tsubasa is totally right.
All we have to
do is score.
-Yeah!
Mhm.
I know I'm not
in the best condition...
but I will keep playing...
until we finally win!
Listen up, don't get
overconfident.
From now on,
Nankatsu will show
their true strength.
When their team
feels pressured...
is when they unleash
their potential.
Just don't forget that!
Hmm...
That's how we lost
the last championship.
If we get cocky
from this advantage,
we'll lose to them
one more time.
-Yeah!
One goal isn't enough.
We have to score more.
If we get too cocky,
they surely are going to
tie the scoreboard.
We have to attack
until the end!
[whistle]
[announcer] Now it's
the white team's turn.
Let's go, Taki.
[announcer] Nankatsu's
looking to tie the match.
[gasps]
[announcer] But Toho's defense
imposes their will.
-Huh?
-[announcer] The ball's in
Tsubasa's possession.
[Tsubasa] I need to hurry up
and score.
[Kojiro] Let's see how you
handle this, Tsubasa.
[grunt]
[announcer] Nankatsu's
number 10 makes a pass.
Be careful, Tsubasa!
[grunt]
[announcer] He's able to
avoid Hyuga.
No!
[Tsubasa]
Just like I thought.
Toho won't drop
their guard
even if they have
the advantage.
I have to win
the third championship.
Because if I don't get to,
I won't leave satisfied.
I can't leave like that
to Brazil.
I have to win
no matter what happens.
You won't get away
that easily, Tsubasa.
Here.
It doesn't matter
how strong his shot is.
We can defeat him.
[Mamoru] We can still make
a comeback.
[growl]
Tsubasa!
[annoucer] Izawa make a pass
to Tsubasa.
What a good cross pass,
Izawa.
Shoot it, Tsubasa.
[announcer] Nankatsu's captain
winds up to shoot.
But he's stopped
by Hyuga.
[grunts]
[narrator] We'll be right back
with Captain Tsubasa.
[narrator]
And we're back.
[announcer]
Unbelievable.
Hyuga's able to block
Tsubasa's shot in midair.
[Mr. Kira] Despite attaining
ridiculous strength,
he only stopped the ball.
That kid is stronger
- than I thought.
-[grunt] [growl]
[grunt]
It's mine!
[announcer] Tsubasa
jumps for it.
Over my dead body!
[grunts]
[announcer] But Hyuga
jumps higher
and manages to
confront Tsubasa,
blocking him once again.
[scream]
It's useless, Tsubasa!
[announcer]
Nankatsu's captain
- is totally neutralized.
-Aww...
If Tsubasa can't do it--
We'll have to
score instead then.
Good luck with
that, brats.
[grunt]
[announcer] The goalkeeper
clears it.
[gasps]
[announcer] And Takeshi Sawada
receives it.
-[grunt]
-Good.
Run, Takeshi!
Darn it!
Huh?
[Ken]
Tsubasa...
is also affected
by his injury.
And I'm in that same
situation.
Ken, your shoulder's
acting up?
[announcer] Toho's youngest
midfielder, Takeshi Sawada,
advances without
opposition.
Sorimachi!
[announcer]
What a splendid nutmeg.
Toho's forward Sorimachi
gets the pass.
Got it!
[grunts] [announcer] The goalkee
Morisaki tries
to stop him,
but the ball rolls
towards the goal.
I won't let it get in!
[grunt]
[announcer] An amazing save
by Ishizaki.
[grunt]
Here!
[announcer] Koike shoots
the ball.
-[gasp]
-[grunt]
[announcer] But Takasugi
rejects it!
While we're defending
the goal...
You won't be
able to score.
[yells] [announcer]
Now Hyuga has the
possession of the ball.
-You can do it, Big Bro!
Don't let him shoot!
-[announcer] Hyuga passes it.
-[grunt] -W
hat in the world?
-What in the world?
Run to the zone, Takeshi.
Tsubasa had Misaki,
but Hyuga has me
to help him.
The two of us make up
Toho's golden duo.
-[grunt]
-[announcer] Hyuga and Sawada
pave the way with
a beautiful one-two pass.
What a great duo.
Excellent pass, Takeshi.
[grunt]
Now I'll score
the third goal.
[yell]
[grunt]
I won't waste
your pass, Takeshi.
-[groan]
-[tiger growl]
[announcer] The ball hits
the net.
Tsubasa couldn't block
Hyuga's shot in time,
while Morisaki could only
watch it go in.
-[cheering]
-[announcer] Impressive.
With only 22 minutes
on the clock,
Toho is outplaying Nankatsu
with a two goal difference.
- It's the first time
-[gasps]
we see the champions
receive
this much pushback.
[groaning]
[announcer] All of the goals
have been made by
Hyuga the Tiger.
What's he doing?
Looks like Hyuga
is making a victory sign.
[grunt]
Tsubasa...
We have a two goal lead now.
Eventually, it'll be three,
and four,
then it'll be five.
No, I'll score more
than five goals.
[growl]
I know you're not
in the best shape
for this match, huh?
And that's why I plan...
on relentlessly
scoring on you.
That way no one
can ever say
that there was an advantage.
Everyone will see that
no matter what,
you guys would've lost
the finals.
What did you say?
Without a doubt,
Hyuga the Tiger
has come back.
Now he's a feral
and ruthless feline.
Hungry for victory.
[Tsubasa]
No!
Hyuga is stronger
than before.
If I want to beat him
in this match,
I have no choice.
I can't keep playing
carefully.
I have to play with
every ounce of strength
that I have left.
Even if I
break my leg
doing so,
I'll do it!
[Ryo]
They're too strong.
Huh?
It's useless.
We can't go up against them.
Their team was able to
get to the finals
without Hyuga's help.
And now,
with him on the pitch,
they're unstoppable.
They're the perfect team.
[Shingo] His Tiger Shot
really is unstoppable.
I'll never be able to
stop that shot.
If only Wakabayashi
was here to help us...
Are you seriously
going to let them
win that easily, Nankatsu?
-Huh?
Tsubasa...
Morisaki, you're part of
the starting lineup
for Nankatsu.
You've defended the goal
from the beginning.
We didn't get here
thanks to Wakabayashi.
It was thanks to you.
Captain.
Listen up,
it's just two goals.
We can still
tie the match.
Remember our dream.
What's that about?
A dream?
Did you guys forget already?
We promised to win...
our third championship.
It's our dream...
and we
can still achieve it.
-[gasp]
-Tsubasa...
Yes, Captain.
Let's go for
our third championship.
We won't give up yet.
We can still fulfill
our dream, Nankatsu.
You're playing despite
your injuries, Tsubasa.
So we'll keep playing
giving it our all too,
Tsubasa.
[Ryo]
At your service, Captain.
Everybody...
Let's go, Nankatsu.
-Let's go!
[Hiroshi]
That's right. Don't gi
ve up just yet,
Nankatsu.
You've faced
worst situations.
You can do it, Nankatsu.
Defeat Toho for us.
[whistle]
You better be
ready, Toho.
You'll see our
true power.
[Hajime] This is
our very last match
of middle school.
[Hiroshi] And that's exactly
why we won't give up on
our third championship
dream.
[Teppei] It's our parting
gift to Tsubasa.
-For our third championship!
Stop them now.
Don't worry about
getting a foul.
[yells]
[yell]
-[yell]
-[grunt]
-What?
-You won't stop us.
Let's go for two goals.
[announcer] Toho's defense
gives in.
It can't stop Nankatsu's
relentless attack.
[Kojiro]
Now's my turn.
No!
[announcer] Hyuga steals
the ball.
[grunt]
[announcer] And now,
he's winding up
to shoot from
the midfield.
- Here comes the Tiger Shot.
-[tiger growl]
[Tsubasa] His shot always
goes in a straight line.
If I get in its way...
the ball will have to
go through me.
Prepare yourselves!
Because this will be
the fourth goal.
-[announcer] And there it is!
-[yell]
Not this time, Hyuga.
[announcer]
Incredible!
Tsubasa strikes the ball
and sabotages the shot.
Impossible.
Here's my Drive Shot!
[gasp]
[eagle screech]
[gasps]
[announcer]
A-Amazing!
Outstanding! The co
mbined force
of the impact was so fast
not even the goalie
Wakashimazu saw it.
[Tsubasa]
I did it!
Tsubasa you did it!
That's it!
You were amazing!
Good job, Tsubasa!
[laugh]
One more and you'll tie.
Yeah, they're so close
-to tying the match.
-Great job, Tsubasa.
[cheering]
This can't be true.
[Katagiri]
There's your miracle, sir.
Yeah. He w
as able to redirect
the Tiger Shot.
And with that amazing spin
he gave the ball at the end,
he was able to score.
That young man
is incredible.
He's a genius.
He made the impossible
possible.
There's no doubt
he was born to play soccer.
[Mr. Mikami] Yeah,
he really is a prodigy.
I can't believe
that happened.
I thought you couldn't
kick that shot anymore.
I'm shocked.
I really can't. But I
was able to use
Hyuga's strength and...
I was able to
redirect its path.
I didn't really know
if it'd work, but...
if we want to defeat Toho,
we have to give it our all.
Even if I break my leg,
even if my body bleeds,
I promise you guys...
that I'll keep playing
until the end.
Until Toho is defeated.
Well you know that I'm going
in there with you, buddy.
Toho has no idea
who they're up against.
We have to win
our third championship.
You're out of
your slumber.
That's the Tsubasa
I wanted to face.
Don't get
distracted, guys.
Captain Hyuga...
We still have the advantage.
We have to attack.
One goal isn't enough.
We have to humiliate them.
-Yeah!
I couldn't even re
act
to that shot.
But next time,
I won't let it go in.
[whistle]
Tsubasa, I'm going to
return the favor.
I'll redirect your
special shot with mine.
-Let's do this.
-Let's go for Hyuga.
-Huh?
-What?
[grunting]
Sorimachi, run up!
Hyuga...
Before, you would have
panicked already.
You'd be looking for
a careless play.
But you've changed.
Even with your passion,
you keep a cool head
in order to make the best
decision in the pitch.
Hyuga acts like
a natural leader.
You're totally right.
-[man] Mr. Mikami.
-Huh?
They're waiting for you,
sir.
Thank you. Is it abou
t the meeting for
the European tournament?
Yeah, we'll catch up
after the match.
When this ends,
we'll see who'll make up
the national team.
I thought that Tsubasa
would be the captain,
but now I see...
that Hyuga
has matured a lot.
-Toho, Toho, stay strong!
-Hooray! Hooray!
-Let's win now!
[Takeshi]
It's yours, Captain.
[announcer] Sawada from Toho
passes the ball to Hyuga.
[Ryo]
No!
-[grunt]
-[announcer] But Tsubasa
manages to intercept it.
But how?
I'm not losing to you,
Hyuga.
I'm giving it my all,
so you better be ready.
-[grunting]
-[announcer] Tsubasa outskills
Toho's defense.
[grunting]
Now it's my turn.
-[grunt]
-[gasp] [announcer] Ts
ubasa dodges
Sawada's slide tackle.
[groaning]
-Tsubasa!
-[gasps]
[announcer] What in the world
happened?
Tsubasa's fallen flat
on the ground.
The ball is still in play.
-Get it back.
-[panting]
[gasp]
[announcer] Izawa recovers
the ball.
It looks like
he wants to tie the score.
Take this!
-[announcer] Izawa shoots.
-[grunt]
[gasp]
My arm isn't moving.
-[grunt]
-[announcer] And Toho's keeper
- rejects it with a fist.
-[grunt]
Nankatsu couldn't score.
That's it! I knew it!
Ken's shoulder is injured.
[announcer]
Nankatsu's captain -is sti
ll on the ground
-Are you okay, Captain?
- totally still.
-We'll help you!
[Katagiri]
It's probably from
the move
he pulled off earlier.
Receiving the Tiger Shot
and redirecting it
with his Drive Shot...
there's no doubt
he generated
a ton of tension
in his body.
[announcer] They're asking for
assistance on the pitch.
It'll be a corner kick
for Nankatsu.
Oh, this can't be.
It's his leg again.
D-Doctor my leg started
to hurt all of a sudden.
Yeah, I can see why.
-Your bandages are done for.
-[groaning]
I told you
to limit yourself.
[grunt]
But doctor,
if I don't play with
everything I have,
I won't ever be able to
beat Hyuga.
I'm Nankatsu's captain
and my job is to win
for my team.
-Stop it, young man.
-[groaning]
Let's go to the infirmary.
Listen to me.
We have to play like
never before, you guys.
We can't fail the captain.
-No!
Wakashimazu is
still injured.
[Kiyoshi]But Nankatsu
hasn't noticed yet.
[Masaharu]
We have to protect him.
[Hiroshi]
From this corner kick.
[announcer] Nankatsu will go on
with their captain absent.
[whistle]
[yell]
Here!
[announcer]
Taki takes the corner.
-It's all ours!
-We won't let you score!
[grunts]
[announcer] Team Nankatsu
feints the jump
so Ishizaki can
get the ball.
Here I go!
[groaning]
He avoided grabbing
the ball again.
So that means
he's also...
Here!
[grunt]
[announcer]
Takasugi kicks it.
[grunt] [announcer] But th
e defense
rejects it.
And Hyuga has the ball.
Run back, everyone!
[announcer] Toho initiates
the counterattack
against the opponent
Nankatsu.
[gasps]
What's going on?
[Takeshi]
C-Captain Hyuga...
Without Tsubasa
on the pitch,
winning this match doesn't
serve a purpose anymore.
Hyuga...
[sigh]
But I still have to play.
I'll do it for
my teammates.
I can't hold them hostage
to my pride.
Get ready, guys.
We're going to humiliate
Nankatsu.
Without their beloved
captain,
we're going to score
ten goals.
-Yeah!
It doesn't matter if
Tsubasa isn't here with us.
Nankatsu is
a well-rounded team.
We'll defend our goal
no matter what
we have to do.